Welcome, to my mess.

    Ok, As you can see i am fumbling around making mistakes and passing 
up interesting finds. today what i am doing is learning to stream and 
code at the same time. and if you are reading this then you may want to 
notice i am here all by myself. So i need to catch you up on what i am doing.

    I have been learning to code for over a month now. and my goal is to 
create a media software organizer. I use Plex server. with uses its own 
naming convention. I have over 3800 media in my collection. hence 
the software organizer. 

So back to coding. If you have question. let me know. O' and i am thinking of
continuing this if I get some feedback. thank you.

I am at the point of figuring out why or what to do about if the user cancels 
an open folder. For the moment. It seems to show revert to the c:\ directory.

Back to searching for the answer. well if you seen it, i didn't.
getting help see where this leads me. off to irc, freenode in the python chat channel.
hm, might want to update. my gist.. 

I have already been suggested to make a __init__ function. i am still 
learning how to do that. one step at a time. they seem busy.


Well I am looking for a way to just use the name column and not the other columns.
think you know what i am getting at.

I am thinking they made designer for smaller screens. i wish i could zoom out.
i am thinking i want my window to be 600 x 400 just to start. and the user can 
do what ever after.  if i could just word wrap for just this file it would be nice.

I am lost. don't know what to do at the moment. trying to see a full size window 
at 600 x 400 or something.

I will be back on line later lat me know what you think.

why am I using media center master. because its 80% finished product. 
mostly because it works. but it is unfinished. it has a hard time telling 
you what differences of movie and tv-show movies are.

what I am doing is showing you how buggy that software is. its not telling 
me its extension in the software. its got to be media centers catch that 
is not sharing the extension. 

i really liked mcm recipe list box showed the mediate results. i think i need to do the same.


while your doing that. this file i keep sharing with you helped me make list's of movies and tv shows. what it did was grabbed every file. made a big list of them. then filtered out all the other files that were not ending in a proper file extension.